EVALUATION AND OBJECT CODE DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT


IMPORTANT-READ CAREFULLY:  DO NOT INSTALL, COPY OR USE THE ENCLOSED SOFTWARE, DOCUMENTATION (AS DEFINED BELOW), OR ANY PORTION THEREOF, (COLLECTIVELY "SOFTWARE") UNTIL YOU HAVE CAREFULLY READ AND AGREED
TO THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS.  THIS IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT ("AGREEMENT") BETWEEN YOU (EITHER AN INDIVIDUAL OR AN ENTITY) ("YOU") AND ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC. ("AMD").

IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT INSTALL, COPY OR USE THIS SOFTWARE.  BY INSTALLING, COPYING OR USING THE SOFTWARE YOU AGREE TO ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.

1.  DEFINITIONS
1.1  "Documentation" means install scripts and online or electronic documentation associated, included, or provided in connection with the Object Code of the Software, or any portion thereof.

1.2  "Free Software License" means an open source or other license that requires, as a condition of use, modification or distribution, that any resulting software must be (a) disclosed or distributed in
source code form; (b) licensed for the purpose of making derivative works; or (c) redistributable at no charge.

1.3  "Intellectual Property Rights" means all copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, mask works, and all related, similar, or other intellectual property rights recognized in any jurisdiction
worldwide, including all applications and registrations with respect thereto.

1.4  "Object Code" means machine readable computer programming code files, which is not in a human readable form.

2.  LICENSE. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, AMD hereby grants You a non-exclusive, royalty-free, revocable, non-transferable, limited, copyright license to:

a) install, use and copy the Software for internal use only at Your sites solely for the purpose of evaluating the Software for use with AMD's products as used with Your products; and

b) distribute and sublicense the Software to customers and end users (collectively, "Distribution Channel") for use with AMD products when incorporated within Your products. Such distribution may be
made through multiple tiers of distribution, only subject to an end user license agreement that meet the requirements in section 2.1.

2.1  End User License Agreement.? Distribution of Software by You and Your Distribution Channel will be pursuant to an enforceable end user license agreement ("End User License Agreement") with terms and
conditions that at a minimum are substantially similar to those set forth in Section 3 and the following: (a) prohibition on transfer or duplication of the Software (except for reasonable backup); (b)
prohibitions on reverse engineering (unless allowed by law for interoperability), disassembly or de-compilation of the Software; (c) disclaimer, to the extent permitted by applicable law, of You and
Your licensors' liability for any damages, whether punitive, direct, incidental, indirect, special or consequential damages, arising from the use of, or distribution of the Software; (d) requirement
that the end user comply fully with all relevant export laws and regulations of the United States and other applicable export and import laws; and (e) notification to the end user that the Software is
subject to a restricted license and can only be used in conjunction with the intended AMD products.? You will be financially responsible for all claims and damages to AMD caused by a breach of this Section
2.1. AMD is a third party beneficiary of any End User License Agreement.

3.  RESTRICTIONS.  Except for the limited license expressly granted in Section 2 herein, You have no other rights in the Software, whether express, implied, arising by estoppel or otherwise.  Further
restrictions regarding Your use of the Software are set forth below.  Except as expressly authorized herein, You may not:

a) modify or create derivative works of the Software;
b) distribute, publish, display, sublicense, assign or otherwise transfer the Software;
c) decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise reduce the Software in Object Code to a human-perceivable form (except as allowed by applicable law);
d)  alter or remove any copyright, trademark or patent notice(s) in the Software;
e)  use the Software to: (i) develop inventions directly derived from Confidential Information to seek patent protection (ii) assist in the analysis of Your patents and patent applications or (iii)
modify Your existing patents or patent applications; or
f) use the Licensed Materials in way that requires that the Licensed Materials or any portion thereof be licensed under a Free Software License.

4.  OWNERSHIP.  The Software including all Intellectual Property Rights therein is and remains the sole and exclusive property of AMD or its licensors, and You shall have no right, title or interest
therein except as expressly set forth in this Agreement.

5.  FEEDBACK.  You have no obligation to give AMD any suggestions, comments or other feedback ("Feedback") relating to the Software.  However, AMD may use and include any Feedback that it receives from
You to improve the Software or other AMD products, software and technologies.  Accordingly, for any Feedback You provide to AMD, You grant AMD and its affiliates and subsidiaries a worldwide,
non-exclusive, irrevocable, royalty-free, perpetual license to, directly or indirectly, use, reproduce, license, sublicense, distribute, make, have made, sell and otherwise commercialize the Feedback in
the Software or other AMD products, software and technologies.  You further agree not to provide any Feedback that (a) You know is subject to any Intellectual Property Rights of any third party or (b)
is subject to license terms which seek to require any products incorporating or derived from such Feedback, or other AMD Intellectual Property, to be licensed to or otherwise shared with any third party.

6.  SUPPORT AND UPDATES.  AMD is under no obligation to provide any kind of support under this Agreement.  AMD may, in its sole discretion, provide to You updates to the Software, and such updates will
be covered under this Agreement.?

7.  WARRANTY DISCLAIMER, LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION.
7.1  Disclaimer OF Warranty. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.  AMD DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL RUN UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE OR WARRANTIES ARISING FROM CUSTOM OF TRADE OR COURSE
OF USAGE.  THE ENTIRE RISK ASSOCIATED WITH THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE IS ASSUMED BY YOU INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE RISK OF DATA CORRUPTION OR LOSS.  Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of
implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to You.

7.2  Limitation of Liability and Indemnification.  AMD AND ITS LICENSORS WILL NOT, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY PUNITIVE, DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES INCLUDING LOSS OF USE, PROFITS, OR DATA ARISING FROM USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR THIS AGREEMENT EVEN IF AMD AND ITS LICENSORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  In no event shall
AMD's total liability for all damages, losses, and causes of action (whether in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise) exceed the amount of $100 USD.  You agree to defend, indemnify and
hold harmless AMD and its licensors, and any of their directors, officers, employees, affiliates or agents from and against any and all loss, damage, liability and other expenses (including reasonable
attorneys' fees), resulting from Your use, distribution or sublicense of the Software or violation of the terms and conditions of this Agreement by You or any sublicense.  The parties agree that these
limitations are an essential element in setting consideration herein.

8.  CONFIDENTIALITY. You shall protect the Software and any information related thereto (collectively, "Confidential Information") by using the same degree of care, but no less than a reasonable degree
of care, to prevent the unauthorized use, dissemination or publication of the Confidential Information as You uses to protect your own confidential information of a like nature.   You shall not disclose
any Confidential Information disclosed hereunder to any third party and shall limit disclosure of Confidential Information to only those of your employees and contractors with a need to know and who are
bound by confidentiality obligations with You at least as restrictive as those contained in this Agreement.  You shall be responsible for your employees and contractors adherence to the terms of this
Agreement.  You may disclose Confidential Information in accordance with a judicial or other governmental order, provided that You either (a) gives AMD reasonable notice prior to such disclosure to
allow AMD a reasonable opportunity to seek a protective order or equivalent or (b) obtains written assurance from the applicable judicial or governmental entity that it will afford the Confidential
Information the highest level of protection afforded under applicable law or regulation.

9.  TERMINATION AND SURVIVAL. AMD may terminate the Agreement immediately upon the breach by You or any sublicensee of the terms of the Agreement. You may terminate the Agreement upon thirty (30) days
written notice to AMD.  The termination of this Agreement shall: (i) immediately result in the termination of all rights granted by You to distribute the Software through multiple tiers of distribution
under Section 2; and (ii) have no effect on any sublicenses previously granted by You to end users under Subsections 2, which sublicenses shall survive in accordance with their terms. Upon termination
or expiration of this Agreement, all provisions survive except for Section 2 and you will cease using and destroy or return to AMD all copies of the Software.

10.  EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.  Licensee shall adhere to all applicable U.S. import/export laws and regulations including but not limited to the U.S. export Administration Regulations ("EAR") and U.S. Office
of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), as well as the applicable import/export control laws and regulations of other countries. ?Licensee further agrees to not export, re-export, or transfer, directly or
indirectly, any product, technical data, software or source code received from AMD under this license, or the direct product of such technical data or software to any country for which the United States
or any other applicable government requires an export license or other governmental approval without first obtaining such licenses or approvals; or in violation of any applicable laws or regulations of
the United States or the country where the technical data or software was obtained. Licensee acknowledges the technical data and software received will not, in the absence of authorization from U.S. or
local law and regulations as applicable, be used by, exported, re-exported or transferred, directly or indirectly, to: (i) any sanctioned or embargoed country, or to nationals or residents of such
countries; (ii) any restricted end-user as identified on any applicable government end-user list (e.g., BIS Denied Persons List); or (iii) any party where the end-use involves nuclear,
chemical/biological weapons, rocket systems, or unmanned air vehicles; (iv) any party whose actions or functions are intended to support or contribute to the operation, installation, maintenance,
repair, overhaul, refurbishing, development, or production of military items in Belarus, Russia, Burma, Cambodia, the People's Republic of China ("PRC") or Venezuela (a "Military End User"); (v) any
party for any military end-use or any end-use prohibited in Section 744 of the EAR, including but not limited to use for the design, development or production of a "supercomputer" (as defined in Section
772 of the EAR) located in PRC or Macau, incorporation into such a supercomputer, or incorporated into a component or equipment that will be used in such a supercomputer. For the most current Country
Group listings, or for additional information about the EAR or Licensee obligations under those regulations, refer to the U.S. Bureau of Industry and Security's website at http://www.bis.doc.gov/.?


11.  NOTICE TO U.S. GOVERNMENT END USERS.  The Software and related documentation are "commercial items", as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. @2.101, consisting of "commercial computer software" and
"commercial computer software documentation", as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. @12.212 and 48 C.F.R. @227.7202, respectively. Consistent with 48 C.F.R. @12.212 or 48 C.F.R. @227.7202-1 through
227.7202-4, as applicable, the commercial computer software and commercial computer software documentation are being licensed to U.S. Government end users (a) only as commercial items and (b) with only
those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. Unpublished rights are reserved under the copyright laws of the United States.

12.  GOVERNING LAW.  This Agreement is made under and shall be construed according to the laws of the State of California, excluding conflicts of law rules.  Each party submits to the jurisdiction of the
state and federal courts of Santa Clara County and the Northern District of California for the purposes of this Agreement.  You acknowledge that your breach of this Agreement may cause irreparable
damage and agree that AMD shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief under this Agreement, as well as such further relief as may be granted by a court of competent jurisdiction.

13.   GENERAL PROVISIONS.  You may not assign this Agreement without the prior written consent of AMD and any assignment without such consent will be null and void.  The parties do not intend that any
agency or partnership relationship be created between them by this Agreement.  Each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such a manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law.
However, in the event that any provision of this Agreement becomes or is declared unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be deemed deleted and the remainder of this
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.

14.   ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between the Parties with respect to the Software and supersedes and merges all prior oral and written
agreements, discussions and understandings between them regarding the subject matter of this Agreement.  No waiver or modification of any provision of this Agreement shall be binding unless made in
writing and signed by an authorized representative of each Party.